chore: add DpDraggable to Storybook. (#497)
demos-europe/demosplan-ui: src/components/DpDraggable/DpDraggable.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import DpDraggable from './DpDraggable'

<Meta
    title="Components/Draggable"
    component={DpDraggable}
/>

# Draggable

Use the Draggable component to change the order of items within a list.

## Default usage

```html
<dp-draggable
    v-model="currentList"
    :opts="draggableOptions">

>     <div class="o-sortablelist__item u-pv-0_5 u-pl-0_5 border--top">

Reviewer: Do we need the classes to illustrate the use case?

Author: https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/497/commits/81eb766a12bd1d601f0bedec40bcc9fe6b92c84e

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/497/commits/9fc6053707fe76cae13f9626097bc652e23bd500

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import DpDraggable from './DpDraggable'

<Meta
    title="Components/Draggable"
    component={DpDraggable}
/>

# Draggable

> The Draggable component can change the order of items within a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Draggable component to change the order of items within a list.
```

## Default usage

```html

> <dp-draggable

Reviewer: I think that `v-model` belongs here, too.

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/497/commits/089a7a49c5d37e64eb42122ba6901f6eb3cc4769

  :opts="draggableOptions">
      <dp-admin-layer-list-item
        v-for="(item, idx) in childElements"
        :key="item.id"
        :element="{ id: item.id, type: item.type }"
        :sorting-type="sortingType"
        :layer-type="layerType"
        :parent-order-position="layer.attributes[sortingType]"

>         :index="idx" />

Reviewer: I'd suggest to give a more generic example here.

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/497/commits/089a7a49c5d37e64eb42122ba6901f6eb3cc4769
